Hey everybody, welcome back to Boost
Your Income with Bootstrap to WordPress.
This lecture is called
Code D Boost Your Income Section.
Check it out.
[MUSIC]
>> All right, folks.
And in this section we're gonna be coding
the how you can boost your income section
right here.
It's very simple, straightforward.
There's not a lot to it.
Background texture.
Got some graphics text.
It's obviously very copy heavy.
What we're gonna be doing to save you
time on that, you can go ahead and
in your course file's folder, in
Miscellaneous, you should have a copy deck
there with all of the text that I have
on the home page and the resources page.
Both very copy heavy.
You can just copy and paste this stuff.
If you don't wanna use it, that's fine,
you can use Learn Epsom, or
whatever copy you want to do.
All right, go to your code editor.
Scroll to your BOOST YOUR INCOME section,
right here.
Give that section the ID of boost-income.
Within there, we're gonna give
the div with the class of container.
By now you should understand
what the container does.
If not,
let me give you a little refresher.
The container looks like this.
It is this stuff right here.
It centers the content in
the middle of the web page.
The whole section,
the idea of boost income is this.
And it is as wide as the browser
window no matter how wide it is.
But if we wanted to center our text and
have access to the bootstrap rows and
columns and such,
you need to put it inside a container.
And this is the container,
all right, inside our container.
We're gonna have a div with
a class of section dash header.
And that will be section dash header,
boom, all right.
Inside here, an image.
The source of assets/img for
image/icon-boost.
There's an icon called icon-boost in
your images folder, or your IMG folder.
That Alt will be chart,
because it is a chart.
Under that level two heading,
how you can boost your income.
Right there.
All right.
After a section header let's add
paragraph.
Give that paragraph the class of lead for
some leading text.
And go ahead and
add that copy that I provided.
We don't have to spend time.
This isn't a copyrighting class.
This is a coding class.
So just go ahead and
add your lorem ipsem or the content
that I provided in the copy deck.
Right there.
After that paragraph we're gonna go ahead
and add a div with the class of row.
That is a Bootstrap class.
Inside that row, you guessed it,
div with the class of col.
Small.
And this will be six.
We want two sections, side by side,
in the web page here.
So we're gonna use two six columns.
If that makes sense.
6 plus 6 is 12.
That means we will have two columns,
technically, side by side.
Really it's six columns side by side but
we're utilizing six columns wide
to create a two column look.
Hopefully that makes sense.
All right, in our sadder first call SM6,
level three heading
make money on the side.
Good spelling, Brad, here we go.
Paragraph.
Inside that paragraph we got some text.
You got it.
Copy and paste.
All right and then our next column here,
level three heading.
Create a full time income.
And then we're gonna have some
text here inside a paragraph tag.
There it is.
Save that.
Why don't we give it a look to
make sure it looks awesome?
It doesn't really look that awesome
because things aren't centered.
That means we have to do some CSS.
Great.
Let's jump into our CSS.
All right, here we are in our CSS.
Under the layout, this is where
we're going to do some Styles for
the layout of our web page.
We're gonna use many sections.
And we have been using section tags a lot.
So, we're gonna style
the section tag in general.
Give it padding, 80 pixels on the top and
bottom, none on the sides.
Save that and give it a little look here.
You can see we gave some breathing
room for our section, great!
We also have section header class.
We want to text align that center.
Check it out.
See how we text aligned
our section header.
All right, inside our section,
we typically use some level two headings.
We want some margins there, 20 on top,
0 on the sides, 40 on the bottom.
We're also gonna be using some
section H3's, margin 30, 0 and 10.
These styles are just kinda predetermined.
I already did the design work and
I know that these styles work.
And so yeah, just go ahead and
copy those in, save it, check it out.
Okay, here we go, we got our level
two headings, got some margins,
level three heading, looks good.
This is looking like our final site,
perfect looks identical.
All right, that is the how you
could boost your income section.
I'll see you in the next lecture where
we're going to be jumping down and
coding ourselves
the Who Should Take This Course section.
Again, very simple.
We're just gonna be doing some copy and
some CSS.
See you there.
[MUSIC]